feat(subgraph): add script to deploy subgraph (#9667)
unlock-protocol/unlock: subgraph/README.md

This package contains the source code for Unlock Protocol subgraph, that

> index and allow easier querying from the Ethereum blockchain using [The Graph](https://thegraph.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
index and allow easier querying from the EVM blockchains using [The Graph](https://thegraph.com).
```
